[Aerial drone footage of San Diego County natural vegetation — open landscape with dry brush and shrubs]
[Area treated with Ammonium Polyphosphate Based Retardant — the pink powder used by aerial firefighting aircraft]
[Controlled burn initiated — vegetation treated with ammonium polyphosphate retardant ignites and burns]
[Drone footage shows burned, scorched area where standard retardant was applied — plants destroyed]
[Camera shifts to adjacent area pre-treated with AF31 — same natural vegetation, same conditions]
[Controlled burn applied to AF31 treated area — vegetation resists fire, significantly reduced combustion]
[On-screen text: "Non-toxic — no heavy chemicals" — AF31 highlighted as a safe alternative to traditional retardants]
[Time-lapse or follow-up footage: 8 weeks after AF31 pre-treatment — vegetation in treated area alive and recovering]
[On-screen text: "Healthy fuel moisture, vibrant green color" — treated plants show green growth 8 and 12 weeks post-application]
[Drone footage comparing the scorched retardant zone with the green, living AF31 treated zone side by side]
[Firefighter demonstrates frontline application of AF31 using a portable extinguisher — simple, accessible deployment shown]